Welcome back.
We just learn how we can use hover data in order to interact with our graphs retrieve information from
the graph.
When you hover over a specific point on the graph and then use the information internally in our script.
Now we're going to learn just how easy it is to switch from hover data to collect data that you may
have guessed.
All you really need to do is change that stream code for the property ID of the component.
Let's go back to our text editor back to the code from the previous lecture.
And then just simply switch out hover data for click data.
All right.
Here we are at the exact same file I was working with the previous lecture on.
And we're going to do here is just at the bottom where we previously said hover data.
I'm going to change this to just say click data.
So let's do that.
Well change over data to quick data and then we're going to save this and run this again.
Now let's head on over to our dashboard and see what happens.
As far as changes with that dashboard or mbak here on my dashboard if I zoom in.
Notice nothing's happening.
As I hover over my cursor I still get the graph information read three blue three or yellow two etc.
but it only occurs when I click on an actual point that I get to see the image itself.
And if I click on a something that's not a point I don't actually get any information back.
I have to be clicking on a point where I can send back information such as the color and the number
in order to see the image that pops up.
OK so that's it for this lecture really.
All you need to do now is just switch up that string.
Coming up next we're going to show you a quick example of switching out the string for select data and
we'll play around the File a little bit more than we did in this lecture.
All right.
We'll see at the next lecture.